Havarti Block!
Yeah
Woo!
Lets go
Havarti Block is in the house tonight
Every snack gonna be a good time
This cheese will make you lose your mind
Havarti Block is in the house tonight
Every snack gonna be a good time
This cheese will make your lose your mind
We just wanna see ya...
Slice that.
On my clubHavarti rocks
level up the flavorsit's a lock
non-stop if you have a shot
if not Havarti, what else you got?
For the trayI got to know
fresh cheese, veg tooas a balanced whole
half-hard half-soft texture nowDanish cheese, from a cow.
Yo
I'm chomping through these rows of dairyI got the snack plate filled too high to carry
Havarti Block!
Yeah that's the cheese that I'm cravingGotta get me a slice before I start raving
Hey!
Havarti block is in the house tonight
Every snack gonna be a good time
This cheese will make you lose your mind
Havarti block is in the house tonight
Every snack gonna be a good time
This cheese will make you lose your mind
We just wanna see ya...
Slice that.